Gambas Ajillo

King prawns [naked in garlic and onion served with baguetter

Chicken wrapped in smoked bacon
Chicken saussagewrapped in smoked bacon, BBQ sauce.

Beef Pi came
Shredded beef ﬁller steak combined with peppers and uninns with chef's special sauce.

STARTERS

Cheese platter (3 cheese/ 5 cheese)
Assorted continental cheese with condiments

Onion Rings
Crunchy sweet onion rings. breaded and golden tried. Served with Wasahi mayonnaise.

Honey Chilli Potatoes
Baked ootatowedges tossed in a spicy~go|den honey dressing, coated in toasted sesame
seeds.

Chips & Dips

Fresh home-made torn tortilla chips sewed with due at pineapple a tomato salsa.

Windmills German pork ribs
German york rihs coated with Chef‘s special hot and sweet saute.

Cold Meal Platter

Continental cured meals with condiments.

Breaded Calamari Rings
Calamari rings marinated a mildly spited. fried with a coating 0! Fault» crumbs.

Grilled Garlic Pesto Prawns
King Prawns tossed in hdme made basiland garlic pesto.

Spicy Chicken Wings
Spicy chicken wlngs marinated inthyrne. paprika and brown sugar served with a delirious
blue cheese sauce or sewed with hot and sweet house sauce.

Chicken Skewers
lemon and basil marinated chicken skewers sewed with lemon mayonnaise.

BURGERS

Peppercorn beef burger
Gmund beef burger ﬂavnred with crushed pepvermrns, with a green pepuermm spread

Pulled pork bbq burger
Slaw rocked pulled pork with bbq sauce andfon'tqna cheese.

Grilled chicken and baton burger
Breast ol chicken marinated in house Spit! smoked bacon and bbq sauce.

Vegetable cheese burger

Mix vegetable and pannerpany hurgerwith cheddar theese.

SALADS

Pear, Walnut and Lettuce Salad
Pears, toasted walnuts brought togetherwitlr a lemon. olive nil dressing and Parmesan
shavings.

Greek Salad

Iceberg and romaine lettuce tossed with a red winevinaigrette and Greek feta ch eese.

Chicken and smoked bacon salad
Dressed mixed lettuce, grilled lemon and thyme chicken supreme. smoked German baton.

Beet root and Orange salad
Carptcio ul beet root, orange segments, :risp sliced fennel, mixed lettuce, orange dressing.

